Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Semifinals Recap` news post (#12803)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Semifinals Recap"
date: 2025-02-13 12:00:00 +0000
---

As teams begin shifting to their top gears, the tournament's zenith looms ever closer! The last remaining 7K titans clash head-on with bone-chilling performances all across the bracket.

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2025_7K/img/mwc7k2025-banner.jpg)

> If last week was this tournament's low point, then this week was the complete opposite! Only legends remain, and the chances for any team's success grow slimmer by the day. Those who thought things couldn't get harder from now on, were proven to be sorely mistaken. Only for Finals and Grand Finals to be bound to break the skill ceiling once again to an unimaginable degree.

Reviewer: this doesn't quite make sense to me
with fewer people, your chances of winning the tournament increase since you're continually matching up against less people, where each matchup is a potential loss. the second bracket might complicate things though

```suggestion
If last week was this tournament's low point, then this week was the complete opposite! Only legends remain, and those who thought things couldn't get harder from now on were proven to be sorely mistaken. Only Finals and Grand Finals are bound to break the skill ceiling once again to an unimaginable degree.
```

Author: Was moreso the fact the chances are reduced as teams face increasingly more veteran teams. Though I can see your issue. Applied.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

**[Download the pool here! (118 MB)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P274)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2370772706&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![Semifinals mappool table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap/mappool.jpg)

We've reached a point where the average Joe may struggle to keep up with the mappool's difficulty. If earlier maps are characterised by their need to get very good accuracy on them, higher-end maps are tests of endurance meant to push players to their limits, where difficulty comes from misses more than anything else. And let us tell you — missing our players will!

> Keeping up with the same pool size as last week and its newfound categories, we have several new rehashed [bespoke tracks](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) on this round's pool! Most interestingly, the first one is [Trina Lydia - TETRATONE ALTiSSiMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317891#mania/4964056) (LN3) mapped by [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072) and originally released for the [1K Dan Course](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2234936#mania/4747563). That's right, one key! As for returning originals from other World Cups, we have [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6) made by [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359), and finally [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1) mapped by [pwhk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4887865). Quite the assortment of original rice maps.

Reviewer: a bit more natural maybe

```suggestion
Keeping up with the same pool size as last week and its newfound categories, we have several new rehashed [original tracks](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) from the osu! community on this round's pool! Most interestingly, the first one is [Trina Lydia - TETRATONE ALTiSSiMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317891#mania/4964056) (LN3) mapped by [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072) and originally released for the [1K Dan Course](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2234936#mania/4747563). That's right, one key! As for returning osu! originals from other World Cups, we have [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6) made by [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) by [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359), and finally [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1) mapped by [pwhk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4887865). Quite the assortment of original rice maps.
```

Author: I specifically referred to bespoke tracks as one of the music tracks listed is, technically, not an official osu! original as it was previously used for the 1K Dan course. Given the want to make that distinction clear in the wiki, think it's also important not putting everything under the same term IMO. Would avoid future confusion if the goal is to keep those two things separate.

Reviewer: that's why i didn't use "osu! original" and included "from the osu! community"

they're still original in their own right

edited though

Author: Yeah think that gets the point across better, thanks

> But originals are not the only highlights of the pool! As we all know by now, the mini-TB gives players a taste of how an actual tiebreaker is typically designed, both in terms of structure and difficulty. [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3) by [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072) has it all! Aesthetically pleasing patterns are present throughout the map while covering a wide range of skill sets required to play these patterns effectively. Beyond these challenges, it also offered an enjoyable experience not only for the players alone but also for the mappool playtesters. A 0% ban rate during the weekend is a testament to that.

Reviewer: there's already an "only"

```suggestion
But originals are not the only highlights of the pool! As we all know by now, the mini-TB gives players a taste of how an actual tiebreaker is typically designed, both in terms of structure and difficulty. [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3) by [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072) has it all! Aesthetically pleasing patterns are present throughout the map while covering a wide range of skill sets required to play these patterns effectively. Beyond these challenges, it also offered an enjoyable experience not only for the players but also for the mappool playtesters. The 0% ban rate during the weekend is a testament to that.
```

! EXTRA MAP TO HIGHLIGHT HERE !

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap/FOXGLOVE_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/433/Songs/Xyris_-_FOXGLOVE.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> Following suit from last week, we've got a couple new original tracks lined up! The second one to showcase was [FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) produced by [Xyris](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/433) with the backup of [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) as the maestro behind the map. A fairly generic hybrid as the category would suggest. Not to be confused with simple however given the map's tricky nature. With fast-paced chordstreams to the rhythm of the song's very upbeat melody and less-than-friendlier releases, this beatmap is anything but simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following last week, we've got a couple new osu! originals lined up! The first one to be showcased was [FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) produced by [Xyris](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/433) with the backup of [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) as the maestro behind the map. This is a fairly generic hybrid, as the category would suggest, but not to be confused with simple given the map's tricky nature. With fast-paced chordstreams to the rhythm of the song's very upbeat melody and less-than-friendlier releases, this beatmap is anything but simple.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap/Ruin_in_Cascade_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/367/Songs/kanemiko_-_Ruin_in_Cascade.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> Our second and last original track of the week was [Ruin in Cascade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418) by [kanemiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/367). Keeping up with the tradition of featuring exciting new tracks on the tiebreaker, this year's 7K MWC was no exception! A massive collaborative effort between [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196), [_Stan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1653229), [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785), [kaulpakka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7115625), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [taba2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7850508).

Reviewer: again, overused incomplete sentences

```suggestion
Our second and last original track of the week was [Ruin in Cascade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418) by [kanemiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/367). Keeping up with the tradition of featuring exciting new tracks on the tiebreaker, this year's 7K MWC was no exception! This was a massive collaborative effort between [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196), [_Stan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1653229), [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785), [kaulpakka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7115625), [ExNeko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7590894), and [taba2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7850508).
```

Author: In my opinion, for the tone of the news post, these do seem to be fine in the grand scheme of things. Personally do not think it's that big of a deal, so long it is used sparingly for editorial purposes. Will apply the suggestion regardless.

> But words alone cannot describe the map, so why not enjoy it in full thanks to [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497)'s amazing play with [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323)'s eye-watering storyboard to accompany it with!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But words alone cannot describe the map, so why not enjoy it in full thanks to [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497)'s amazing play, with [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323)'s eye-watering storyboard to accompany it!
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jDt7cJ_YiUE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Semifinals summary

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Indonesia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation |
| BIG MAXUS | 6 | **7** | **ET BLOCKO** |
| **Malaysia** ::{ flag=MY }:: | **6** | -1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |
| United States ::{ flag=US }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| **Indonesia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines |
| **Hong Kong** ::{ flag=HK }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |
| Hong Kong ::{ flag=HK }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |

> This week was nothing short of amazing! We reached a point of the tournament where the best of the best teams are being tested against one another. The matches between ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea versus ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan and ::{ flag=CN }:: China versus ::{ flag=PH }:: the Philippines should get the point across, with all four teams being the top 4 seeded teams on this year's Qualifiers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week was nothing short of amazing! We reached a point of the tournament where the best of the best teams are being tested against one another. The matches between ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea versus ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan and ::{ flag=CN }:: China versus the ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines should get the point across, with all four teams being the top 4 seeded teams on this year's Qualifiers!
```

> The last two teams standing in the winners' bracket are ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea and ::{ flag=CN }:: China, who'll be facing each other in the Finals to see who gets to keep their spot in the Grand Finals. The rest of teams however haven't had it as easily in the losers' bracket given how high the stakes were.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last two teams standing in the winners' bracket are ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea and ::{ flag=CN }:: China, who'll be facing each other in the Finals to see who gets to keep their spot in the Grand Finals. The rest of the teams, however, haven't had it as easily in the losers' bracket given how high the stakes were.
```

> On the other side of the bracket, teams had to win two consecutive matches to keep up with the pace. ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia and ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru were able to survive the gauntlet, moving on to the Finals for their very last chance at redemption. A very exciting moment for Indonesian fans, who get to see their country get to the Finals for the first time since all the way back to 2017!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other side of the bracket, teams had to win two consecutive matches to keep up with the pace. ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia and ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru were able to survive the gauntlet, moving on to the Finals for their very last chance at redemption. A very exciting moment for Indonesian fans, who get to see their country in the Finals for the first time since all the way back in 2017!
```

> And what other way to begin with the match highlights than by recapping the best of the best show match this series has ever seen. Truly a fight between an unstoppable force against an immovable object!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, what other way to begin with the match highlights than by recapping the best of the best showmatch this series has ever seen — truly a fight between an unstoppable force against an immovable object!
```

But this wouldn't be a showcase without showing the tiebreaker, wouldn't it? So of course [kanemiko - Ruin in Cascade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418) had to make an appearance at the very end of the showcase to determine who would be the biggest of ETs after the match! A match so engaging that even the commentators couldn't help themselves by cursing one of the players in the middle of the map:

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/2025-02-14-watch-this.mp4" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> </div>

Author: Weird. Did not have issues with autoplay on my preview. Regardless, should've checked for how assets' embeds are dealt with.

With their upcoming challenger being Japan (#4), this will surely stir up some interesting strategies for the upcoming picks next round, given their legacy of having one of the highest rice average scores in the tournament series so far. We hope that both teams give their all next weekend as we approach the late-game stages!

---

<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-nat {
        color: #fa3703;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }
</style>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-13-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-semifinals-recap/-luvv.png)

> South American teams have been a bit of a surprise this year. Considered the underdogs by some, yet both Venezuela and Peru have managed to make it quite far into the tournament! Peru's performance in particular has been astonishing given their team's first year qualifying for the 7K World Cup. Therefore, we wanted to host an interview with [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) in the hopes of giving us some insight of the team's thoughts on this year's experience!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
South American teams have been a bit of a surprise this year. Considered the underdogs by some, yet both Venezuela and Peru have managed to make it quite far into the tournament! Peru's performance in particular has been astonishing, considering this is their team's first year qualifying for the 7K World Cup. That is why we wanted to host an interview with [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) in the hopes of giving us some insight into the team's thoughts on this year's experience.
```

But originals are not the only highlights of the pool! As we all know by now, the mini-TB gives players a taste of how an actual tiebreaker is typically designed, both in terms of structure and difficulty. [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3) by [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072) has it all! Aesthetically pleasing patterns are present throughout the map while covering a wide range of skill sets required to play these patterns effectively. Beyond these challenges, it also offered an enjoyable experience not only for the players but also for the mappool playtesters. The 0% ban rate during the weekend is a testament to that.

> On top of that, for the more rice-oriented players, we've got [REDALiCE feat. Ayumi Nomiya - Little Star (Full ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317896#mania/4964062) (RC2). Even if it just had a minor increase in BPM as opposed to its Quarterfinals counterpart, the far denser patterns didn't scale as smoothly. This effectively tested players' reading skills and endurance, especially if we consider that it is almost a minute longer from last round's map on the same category. While it might seem daunting to tackle such a map given it was one of the most stamina-intensive picks, it remained a favourite amongst players. So much so that it was the most picked map throughout the Semifinals, with no bans at all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of that, for the more rice-oriented players, we've got [REDALiCE feat. Ayumi Nomiya - Little Star (Full ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317896#mania/4964062) (RC2). Even if it just had a minor increase in BPM as opposed to its Quarterfinals counterpart, the far denser patterns didn't scale as smoothly. This effectively tested players' reading skills and endurance, especially if we consider that it is almost a minute longer from last round's map on the same category. While it might seem daunting to tackle such a stamina-intensive pick, it remained a favourite among players. So much so, that it was the most picked map throughout the Semifinals, with no bans at all!
```

But words alone cannot describe the map, so why not enjoy it in full thanks to [cheewee10](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4477497)'s amazing play, with [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323)'s eye-watering storyboard to accompany it!

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jDt7cJ_YiUE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Semifinals summary

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Indonesia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 1 | ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation |
| BIG MAXUS | 6 | **7** | **ET BLOCKO** |
| **Malaysia** ::{ flag=MY }:: | **6** | -1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |
| United States ::{ flag=US }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| **Indonesia** ::{ flag=ID }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=MY }:: Malaysia |
| **China** ::{ flag=CN }:: | **6** | 4 | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines |
| **Hong Kong** ::{ flag=HK }:: | **6** | 0 | ::{ flag=DE }:: Germany |
| Hong Kong ::{ flag=HK }:: | 2 | **6** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |

> This week was nothing short of amazing! We reached a point of the tournament where the best of the best teams are being tested against one another. The matches between ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea versus ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan and ::{ flag=CN }:: China versus the ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines should get the point across, with all four teams being the top 4 seeded teams on this year's Qualifiers!
> 
> The last two teams standing in the winners' bracket are ::{ flag=KR }:: South Korea and ::{ flag=CN }:: China, who'll be facing each other in the Finals to see who gets to keep their spot in the Grand Finals. The rest of the teams, however, haven't had it as easily in the losers' bracket given how high the stakes were.
> 
> On the other side of the bracket, teams had to win two consecutive matches to keep up with the pace. ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia and ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru were able to survive the gauntlet, moving on to the Finals for their very last chance at redemption. A very exciting moment for Indonesian fans, who get to see their country in the Finals for the first time since all the way back in 2017!

Reviewer 2: as per previous conversations we agreed to not put map flags on anything but players
```suggestion
This week was nothing short of amazing! We reached a point of the tournament where the best of the best teams are being tested against one another. The matches between South Korea versus Japan and China versus the Philippines should get the point across, with all four teams being the top 4 seeded teams on this year's Qualifiers!

The last two teams standing in the winners' bracket are South Korea and China, who'll be facing each other in the Finals to see who gets to keep their spot in the Grand Finals. The rest of the teams, however, haven't had it as easily in the losers' bracket given how high the stakes were.

On the other side of the bracket, teams had to win two consecutive matches to keep up with the pace. Indonesia and Peru were able to survive the gauntlet, moving on to the Finals for their very last chance at redemption. A very exciting moment for Indonesian fans, who get to see their country in the Finals for the first time since all the way back in 2017!
```

Now, what other way to begin with the match highlights than by recapping the best of the best showmatch this series has ever seen — truly a fight between an unstoppable force against an immovable object!

### BIG MAXUS vs. ET BLOCKO

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117101821)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2375746661)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> Allow us to introduce what could very well be the most exciting match of the week. Hell, we would dare to say this was the best match of the whole tournament! Where the extra terrestrial met the colossal; a clash between tectonic plates; a fight to be recorded on history books! Analogies aside, this was a showdown between two teams formed by members of the mappooling team — the true definition of "meeting your maker"!

Author: Should've been used the other way around, where maps met their makers. Though can't really find a way to make that connection.

> With all beatmaps on the pool being played with the exception of [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2), this best of 13 match was bound to be a long (but fun!) one. With ::{ flag=KR }:: [rubyy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9880422), ::{ flag=MY }:: [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), ::{ flag=PH }:: [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895), ::{ flag=PH }:: [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550), ::{ flag=JP }:: [[GS]hina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20040607), and ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954) forming part of team ET BLOCKO, and ::{ flag=AU }:: [oct4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10303887), ::{ flag=CN }:: [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072), ::{ flag=KR }:: [chumpup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10878878), ::{ flag=CN }:: [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359), ::{ flag=PH }:: [MapleSyrup-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1192936), and ::{ flag=JP }:: [LuluM](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13151924) making up their rivals' team this was going to be a wacky match to say the least. But do not be mistaken, as some of the players were on par with many of the legends currently playing in this year's tournament. So the expectations on our members' performances were sky-high!

Reviewer 2: feels weird to only mention one team by name
```suggestion
With all beatmaps on the pool being played with the exception of [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2), this best of 13 match was bound to be a long (but fun!) one. With ::{ flag=KR }:: [rubyy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9880422), ::{ flag=MY }:: [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), ::{ flag=PH }:: [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895), ::{ flag=PH }:: [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550), ::{ flag=JP }:: [[GS]hina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/20040607), and ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954) forming part of team ET BLOCKO, and ::{ flag=AU }:: [oct4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10303887), ::{ flag=CN }:: [U1d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10125072), ::{ flag=KR }:: [chumpup](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10878878), ::{ flag=CN }:: [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359), ::{ flag=PH }:: [MapleSyrup-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1192936), and ::{ flag=JP }:: [LuluM](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13151924) making up their rivals' team, BIG MAXUS, this was going to be a wacky match to say the least. But do not be mistaken, as some of the players were on par with many of the legends currently playing in this year's tournament. So the expectations on our members' performances were sky-high!
```

> And what better way to start the match than by picking [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), a category proven to be most divisive throughout the tournament. But a surprising close game for both of our teams whose long note skills are on point! A fact completely unrelated to the existence of the category in this year's pool — *no relation whatsoever~*. Snarky tone aside, some of the scores were worth highlighting just for how impressive they were. Take for example ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954)'s 985,571 full combo, which was the second best score on that map during the weekend!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And what better way to start the match than by picking [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), a category proven to be most divisive throughout the tournament. Still, it was a surprisingly close point for both of our teams whose long note skills are on point, a fact completely unrelated to the existence of the category in this year's pool — *no relation whatsoever~*. Snarky tone aside, some of the scores were worth highlighting just for how impressive they were. Take for example ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954)'s 985,571 full combo, which was the second best score on that map during the weekend!
```

> And what better way to start the match than by picking [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), a category proven to be most divisive throughout the tournament. Still, it was a surprisingly close point for both of our teams whose long note skills are on point, a fact completely unrelated to the existence of the category in this year's pool — *no relation whatsoever~*. Snarky tone aside, some of the scores were worth highlighting just for how impressive they were. Take for example ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954)'s 985,571 full combo, which was the second best score on that map during the weekend!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And what better way to start the match than by picking [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), a category proven to be most divisive throughout the tournament. Still, it was a surprisingly close point for both of our teams whose long note skills were on point, a fact completely unrelated to the existence of the category in this year's pool (no relation whatsoever). Snarky tone aside, some of the scores were worth highlighting just for how impressive they were. Take for example ::{ flag=CN }:: [Watch01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13967954)'s 985,571 full combo, which was the second best score on that map during the weekend!
```

> Team BIG MAXUS was no pushover, however. With ::{ flag=AU }:: [oct4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10303887) bathing in the limelight with their performance on rice maps such as [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6), or with ::{ flag=CN }:: [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) handling themselves quite well in [Trina Lydia - TETRATONE ALTiSSiMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317891#mania/4964056) (LN3) with a team-leading score of 944,114 points. Shoutouts to ::{ flag=KR }:: [rubyy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9880422) who was consistently top scoring in many of the maps they played in! Makes you wonder how many of these players would've bolstered their team's rosters on this year's MWC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team BIG MAXUS was no pushover, however, with ::{ flag=AU }:: [oct4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10303887) bathing in the limelight with their performance on rice maps such as [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6), or with ::{ flag=CN }:: [_Yiiiii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) handling themselves quite well on [Trina Lydia - TETRATONE ALTiSSiMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317891#mania/4964056) (LN3) and dishing out a team-leading score of 944,114 points. Shoutouts to ::{ flag=KR }:: [rubyy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9880422) who was consistently top-scoring in many of the maps they played in! Makes you wonder how many of these players would've bolstered their team's rosters on this year's MWC...
```

> But this wouldn't be a showcase without showing the tiebreaker, wouldn't it? So of course [kanemiko - Ruin in Cascade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418) had to make an appearance at the very end of the showcase to determine who would be the biggest of ETs after the match! A match so engaging that even the commentators couldn't help themselves by cursing one of the players in the middle of the map:

Reviewer: ET BLOCKO i understand but how does "BIG MAXUS" have "ET" in common?

```suggestion
On another note, this wouldn't be a showcase without showing the tiebreaker, wouldn't it? Of course [kanemiko - Ruin in Cascade](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318032#mania/4964418) had to make an appearance at the very end of the showcase to determine which team would be the biggest ET! In fact , this match was so engaging that even the commentators couldn't help themselves from cursing one of the players in the middle of the map:
```

Author: The term is used very frequently in mania playing circles to refer to someone overperforming. As if it was extra terrestrial. That's what the use of the word is trying to aim for, to see who was the biggest overperformer.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/2025-02-14-watch-this.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> Given the match's length, we haven't been able to recap it in full. Because of that, we strongly suggest you to [watch the whole match](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2375746661). Having fun in a competitive environment is part of what makes a game enjoyable. If it's not fun, why bother? So go grab a handful of buddies of yours, download any of the pools, and start having a blast together on a multiplayer lobby!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the match's length, we haven't been able to recap it in full. Because of that, we strongly suggest you to [watch the whole match](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2375746661). Having fun in a competitive environment is part of what makes a game enjoyable. If it's not fun, why bother? Go grab a handful of buddies of yours, download any of the pools, and start having a blast together in a multiplayer lobby!
```

</div>

This must've been a match that most people were waiting for! With South Korea (#1) and Japan (#4) being considered two of the strongest teams in the tournament, this was bound to be a heated duel. While South Korea has dominated the 7K World Cup for years, Japan's strength in rice maps is nothing short of remarkable. The outcome could go either way, and neither team could afford to give their opponent an opening if they were planning on securing their points.

Japan opened the match with their first pick, [Flying Steps - We Are Electric](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317884#mania/4964044) (RC3). Arguably one of Japan's strongest choices. With a very close 6,770-point lead, Japan managed to secure the win in no small part thanks to ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s earth-shattering score of 999,257, one of the best in the entire round! A point which would've been much closer were it not be for ::{ flag=KR }:: [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649)'s unfortunate miss, away from getting a 49 perfect run.

> South Korea's strategy was quite straightforward. Knowing Japan's strengths, they opted to pick long note or hybrid maps to counter their rivals and gain a tangible edge on their picks. This all begun with [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3), arguably one of the hardest maps in the pool. Capitalizing on South Korea's stronger physique, they turned the tables around and evened out the match winning by a considerable margin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
South Korea's strategy was quite straightforward. Knowing Japan's strengths, they opted to pick long note or hybrid maps to counter their rivals and gain a tangible edge on their picks. This all begun with [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3), arguably one of the hardest maps in the pool. Capitalising on South Korea's stronger physique, they turned the tables around and evened out the match winning by a considerable margin.
```

> Both teams stuck true to their strategies. But sticking to a plan wouldn't be enough, as proven by some close moments such as in [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) when ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007)'s mid-chart miss nearly gave South Korea the edge, winning by a mere 1,385 points. Things only looked better for the Japanese when they won their break point against South Korea's [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) after a series of misses from the Koreans caused them to lag behind their opponents. With ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha_l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) dual full combos, Japan secured the break point with a **tiny lead of 114 points!** The Japanese were in a very good spot, being 2–4 over their rivals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both teams stuck true to their strategies, but sticking to a plan wouldn't be enough. This was proven by some close moments such as in [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) when ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007)'s mid-chart miss nearly gave South Korea the edge, winning by a mere 1,385 points. Things only looked better for the Japanese when they won their break point against South Korea's [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) after a series of misses from the Koreans caused them to lag behind their opponents. With ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) and ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha_l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) dual full combos, Japan secured the break point with a **tiny lead of 114 points!** The Japanese were in a very good spot, being 2–4 over their rivals.
```

However, that was the beginning of the end for Japan as they picked [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4), a risky and volatile map prone to misses. South Korea won with a large score gap, in no small part thanks to ::{ flag=KR }:: [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406)'s 991,769 full combo. Japan continued bleeding points as the ::{ flag=KR }:: [yz1155](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2071008) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [dressurf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/758406) duo kept winning point after point with considerable margins over their rivals.

> This trend continued up until South Korea shifted the match's tides, scoring 5–4 and gaining an advantage over their previously superior rivals. Japan's last chance to force a tiebreaker was in the hands of South Korea's pick, which ended up being [Aiobahn feat. KOTOKO - Gekkouchou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317886#mania/4964046) (LN4). Despite their best efforts however, with their rivals winning the high ground, South Korea sealed the match by winning their last pick.

Reviewer 2: what tides did South Korea shift if they were already starting to knock Japan down and win 3(?) points in a row

overall I think this recap could've been ended on the 5th paragraph in order to cut some length, since the last 3 paragraphs just affirm the aforementioned beginning of the end for Japan
```suggestion
This trend continued up until South Korea shifted the match's tides, scoring 5–4 and gaining an advantage over their previously superior rivals. Japan's last chance to force a tiebreaker was in the hands of South Korea's pick, which ended up being [Aiobahn feat. KOTOKO - Gekkouchou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317886#mania/4964046) (LN4). Despite their best efforts however, with their rivals winning the high ground, South Korea sealed the match by winning their last pick.
```

Author: In the previous paragraph, South Korea was well below their rivals. It was by this point that they climbed from 2-4 to 5-4, hence the expression used. It is a fitting and necessary conclusion to point out their three point streak that got them ahead of Japan.

If the 5th paragraph is removed, then the readers would lose any and all context for that conclusion to take place, which would then make that statement make much less sense.

South Korea's reputation precedes them, and their performance in this match only reinforced that. That said, Japan managed to push their rivals' buttons more than once, demonstrating their own prowess especially under pressure. The match was a testament to the skill and determination of both teams, with every round feeling like a battle of nerves and precision.

### ::{ flag=CN }:: China vs. ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117115848)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2376663395)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> China (#2) and the Philippines (#3), a match between two old rivals, clashed once again during the Semifinals. Last year, they gave us quite the show where the Philippines ended up victorious. This year however, the stakes are a bit different as both teams need this win to secure their seat on the podium. With both teams boasting of similar skill sets and experienced players, it was not easy to predict which team had the upper hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
China (#2) and the Philippines (#3), two old rivals, clashed once again during the Semifinals. Last year, they gave us quite the show where the Philippines ended up victorious. This year on the other hand, the stakes were a bit different as both teams needed this win to secure their seat on the podium. Boasting a similar set of skills and experienced players, it was not easy to predict which team had the upper hand.
```

> The bans and protects were a bit all over the place, with China opting to focus on their strong rice lead, whereas the Philippines chose to rely on long note maps. China spared no time and picked their protected map [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5). Unsurprisingly, they won the map with an impressive 989,830-point full combo score from ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904). The Philippines followed suit by picking their protected map likewise, that being [Aiobahn feat. KOTOKO - Gekkouchou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317886#mania/4964046) (LN4). Unfortunately for them, things didn't go as smoothly as they originally expected given the early misses from the Filipinos. Thanks to some late misses from team China and the performance of both ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686), the Philippines evened out the match with a narrow 2,181-point lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bans and protects were a bit all over the place, with China opting to focus on their strong rice lead, whereas the Philippines chose to rely on long note maps. China spared no time and picked their protected map [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5). Unsurprisingly, they won the map with an impressive 989,830-point full combo score from ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904). The Philippines followed suit by picking their protected map, [Aiobahn feat. KOTOKO - Gekkouchou (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317886#mania/4964046) (LN4). Unfortunately for them, some early misses indicated that things didn't go as smoothly as they originally expected. Nevertheless, thanks to some late misses from team China and the performance of both ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686), the Philippines evened out the match with a narrow 2,181-point lead.
```

> The first break point of the match was reached with China's second pick, that being [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1). What originally should've been a strong map for China getting the upper hand in ratio, ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s great performance and 978,941 full combo score secured the win for the Philippines. Cashing out on the break point, the Philippines picked [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2). China did not leave any room for error, however. Maintaining their lead by a considerable margin by the middle point of the map, and with the Philippines not capable of keeping up with China's ratio nor double full combos, China won the point with an 18,876-point gap.

Reviewer 2: im not sure what's meant by "cashing in" here, if it was their protect (LN4) i would say that the protect was "cashed in", but if they are taking advantage of the break out maybe its better to say they attempted to "cash out" the break point, but China still won?
```suggestion
The first break point of the match was reached with China's second pick, that being [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1). What originally should've been a strong map for China getting the upper hand in ratio, ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s great performance and 978,941 full combo score secured the win for the Philippines. Cashing in on the break point, the Philippines picked [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2). China did not leave any room for error, however. Maintaining their lead by a considerable margin by the middle point of the map, and with the Philippines not capable of keeping up with China's ratio nor double full combos, China won the point with an 18,876-point gap.
```

Author: It's being cashed in as they have the pick advantage after winning their break point. That was the initial plan, whether they gained the point or not that doesn't change the initial plan.

> The first break point of the match was reached with China's second pick, that being [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1). What originally should've been a strong map for China getting the upper hand in ratio, ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s great performance and 978,941 full combo score secured the win for the Philippines. Cashing in on the break point, the Philippines picked [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2). China did not leave any room for error, however. Maintaining their lead by a considerable margin by the middle point of the map, and with the Philippines not capable of keeping up with China's ratio nor double full combos, China won the point with an 18,876-point gap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first break point of the match was reached with China's second pick, [aquestion - Umami Blaze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6066359) (RC1). What originally should've been a strong map for China getting the upper hand in ratio, ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405)'s great performance and 978,941 full combo score secured the win for the Philippines. Cashing in on the break point, the Philippines picked [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2). China did not leave any room for error, however. Maintaining their lead by a considerable margin by the middle point of the map, and with the Philippines not capable of keeping up with China's ratio nor double full combos, China won the point with an 18,876-point gap.
```

> You may've noticed by now the trend, with both teams winning points by rather narrow margins and switching their leads back and forth. To be expected from a match with two closely matches teams! This trend continued till the very end of the match, with China ultimately gaining an advantage over the Philippines when they achieved their second break point by stealing [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1) from their rivals' hands. A very important point to win, as the 2-point lead would be dragged throughout the whole match, all thanks to ::{ flag=CN }:: [[Crz]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178)'s crazy 987,943 full combo!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may've noticed by now the trend, with both teams winning points by rather narrow margins and switching their leads back and forth. This is to be expected from a match with two closely matches teams! The trend continued until the very end of the match, where China ultimately gained an advantage by stealing their second break point on [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1) from their rivals' hands. It turned out to be a very important point to win, as the 2-point lead would be dragged on throughout the remainder of the match, all thanks to ::{ flag=CN }:: [[Crz]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178)'s crazy 987,943 full combo!
```

The last gambit from the Filipinos was with their very last pick of the match, being [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1). A point that was heavily contested by both teams, but that ultimately was won by the Chinese thanks to their first-class consistency! A victory well coveted by team China, who managed to win the match with a 6–4 score and secure themselves a spot on the podium.

> ### ::{ flag=HK }:: Hong Kong vs. ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru

Reviewer 2: this match isn't really that spectacular compared to the others, what's the reasoning for the coverage?

Author: This should've been discussed right after the weekend's matches when matches get decided...

Peru's performance both throughout the match and tournament were fitting for it to be covered. Considering they were going to be interviewed, it seems like a good prelude to it.

Reviewer: seems like valid reasoning
also the section itself is well written anyway, i'd say

> With a 3-point deficit over their rivals after losing [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6), the Philippines begun their comeback by picking [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3). With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) still going strong despite the pick's difficulty, and their rivals' lack of consistency on the pick, the Philippines managed to gain some ground back. Having their backs against the wall, China had no choice but to pick [Flying Steps - We Are Electric](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317884#mania/4964044) (RC3) which was not their best of options. Despite their best efforts however, the Philippines gained the upper hand on the map thanks to ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686)'s performance with quite a small 5,843-point lead, positioning themselves on a very comfortable spot to dispute China's match point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a 3-point deficit over their rivals after losing [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6), the Philippines began their comeback by picking [mitei - Phosphor](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317893#mania/4964059) (HB3). With ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) still going strong despite the pick's difficulty, and their rivals' lack of consistency on the pick, the Philippines managed to gain some ground back. With their backs against the wall, China had no choice but to pick the less favourable option of [Flying Steps - We Are Electric](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317884#mania/4964044) (RC3). Despite their best efforts however, the Philippines gained the upper hand on the map thanks to ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) and ::{ flag=PH }:: [sanni666](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3036686)'s performance with quite a small 5,843-point lead, positioning themselves on a very comfortable spot to dispute China's match point.
```

> The last gambit from the Filipinos was with their very last pick of the match, being [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1). A point that was heavily contested by both teams, but that ultimately was won by the Chinese thanks to their first-class consistency! A victory well coveted by team China, who managed to win the match with a 6–4 score and secure themselves a spot on the podium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last gambit from the Filipinos was with their very last pick of the match, [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1). The point was heavily contested by both teams, but it ultimately was won by the Chinese thanks to their first-class consistency! A victory well coveted by team China, who managed to win the match with a 6–4 score and secure themselves a spot on the podium.
```

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117115848)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2376748946)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VIDEO_ID?start=XXX&end=XXX" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> The last losers' bracket match for Semifinals between Hong Kong (#6) and Peru (#8) had the audience talking about a potential tiebreaker even before the match started, considering the close seed gap between the two teams. With both of them having their respective longest run in 7K MWC history, the face-off determined which team would get eliminated from there on out while the other survives to continue another world cup week in Finals.

Reviewer 2: subjective
```suggestion
The last losers' bracket match for Semifinals between Hong Kong (#6) and Peru (#8) had the audience talking about a potential tiebreaker even before the match started, considering the close seed gap between the two teams. With both of them having their respective longest run in 7K MWC history, the face-off determined which team would get eliminated from there on out, while the other survives to continue another world cup week in Finals.
```

> Hong Kong protecting [REDALiCE feat. Ayumi Nomiya - Little Star (Full ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317896#mania/4964062) (RC2) while banning [Flying Steps - We Are Electric](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317884#mania/4964044) (RC3) was a rather unexpected decision according to the audience despite being a very common strategy in MWC matches in general. Meanwhile, Peru protected [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) and banned [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), which was a smart call given that Hong Kong did get a 125,290-point lead against Germany on that map.

Reviewer 2: easier to read imo
```suggestion
Hong Kong protecting [REDALiCE feat. Ayumi Nomiya - Little Star (Full ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317896#mania/4964062) (RC2) while banning [Flying Steps - We Are Electric](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317884#mania/4964044) (RC3) was a rather unexpected decision according to the audience, despite being a very common strategy in MWC matches in general. Meanwhile, Peru protected [SiLiS - Hebe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317981#mania/4964313) (RC5) and banned [Elliot Hsu - A Guiding Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317897#mania/4964065) (LN1), which was a smart call given that Hong Kong did get a 125,290-point lead against Germany on that map.
```

> Hong Kong opened up the match with their own protect, but it didn't work out as intended as Peru proceeded to get the first break point of the match. With Peru winning their subsequent pick and with the scoreboard being at 0-2 in favor of Peru, Hong Kong tried to pick [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2) thinking it would be the best pick, considering Peru banned LN1. However, the point streak would continue on, tallying the score up to 0-4 in favor of Peru who was on the verge of a match point after winning their protect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hong Kong opened up the match with their own protect, but it didn't work out as intended as Peru proceeded to get the first break point of the match. With Peru winning their subsequent pick and with the scoreboard being at 0–2 in favour of Peru, Hong Kong tried to pick [seatrus & Halv - The Core](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317878#mania/4964035) (LN2) thinking it would be the best pick, considering Peru banned LN1. However, the point streak would continue on, tallying the score up to 0–4 in favour of Peru who was on the verge of a match point after winning their protect.
```

Hong Kong's 3rd pick, [Lime - Pixel Planet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317895#mania/4964061) (RC6) made things slightly more interesting as ::{ flag=PE }:: [-luvv](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23731514) started off with the wrong foot and gave their rivals a lead hard to come back from. The same can be said about Peru's next pick on [linear ring - enchanted love](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2317898#mania/4964066) (HB2), where they got a team-wide combo reset in the middle of the map, giving Hong Kong their second consecutive point and their only break point of the match.

> While the audience was very thrilled for a potential comeback from the Hongkongers, this would unfortunately not be possible after losing their pick on [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) to a close lead of 6,758 points giving the match point to Peru. Said team then closed out the match by winning their own pick on [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4), scoring a final tally of 2-6 in favor of Peru. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the audience was very thrilled for a potential comeback from the Hongkongers, this would unfortunately not be possible after losing their pick on [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) to a close lead of 6,758 points giving the match point to Peru. Said team then closed out the match by winning their own pick on [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4), scoring a final tally of 2–6 in favor of Peru.
```

Author: Britishified

```suggestion
While the audience was very thrilled for a potential comeback from the Hongkongers, this would unfortunately not be possible after losing their pick on [Xyris - FOXGLOVE](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318030#mania/4964416) (HB1) to a close lead of 6,758 points giving the match point to Peru. Said team then closed out the match by winning their own pick on [The Flashbulb - Six Acid Strings](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2318102#mania/4964713) (RC4), scoring a final tally of 2–6 in favour of Peru.
```
